My name is Sujay Dharay and I have worked with Manpreet ji
on a very big jewellery project which is a jewellery website.
It had a lot of functionality, UI design and a lot of UX problems
which we discussed together and finally the jewellery website is ready.
I want to recommend everyone that if you want to make a website
or if you have any technical problem then you can work with Manpreet ji.
He is very trusted and I will always recommend him for development.
He understood our problems very well, then he applied for a solution
and then our website was made.
I recommend everyone that Manpreet ji is very good
and my experience with him was also very good.